---
title: Twin Flame Transformation - Owning the Truth of Your Twin Flame Journey
audioUrl: https://traffic.megaphone.fm/APO4424869898.mp3
pubDate: Apr 22 2021
duration: 00:10:07
size: 10.4
cover: ""
explicit: false
episode: 3
season: 1
episodeType: full
---

## Episode 3

Michele unpacks the truth of knowing if this is your Twin Flame — even if you're not together.  She shares why it's important to own your truth, how this truth ignites your flame, and the ultimate truth of the Twin Flame Journey.

### Transcript

Hello. Hello. Welcome to Twin Flame Transformation.
Thank you for being here. My name is Michelle, and I will be your host and guide. On today's episode, I want to talk about owning your truth around your twin flame. Now don't get swayed by the seeming simplicity of this topic. We're actually going to go deeper than you can imagine.

So let's talk about knowing, the truth of knowing that this is your twin flame when you're not together. So I invite you to go back to when you first knew that this was your twin flame. I know for me I awakened to this deep love, but it wasn't until I did research that I figured out what twin flames were. And then when we weren't together, I did more research, and I did all this shadow work. And then the idea of twin flames just kept resonating with me, and it took me a while before I could own that truth around it, and that knowing, owning the truth that even if I'm not with this person, that he is my twin flame.

I mean, that's a big ask, right? It's like blind faith. At least that's how it felt for me. And so doubt started to come up. And I think doubt on a spiritual journey is important because it's like a science experiment. You don't know what is real or true until you know what isn't. And all this doubt that comes up shows up in different ways.

It could look like for me if he's not my twin flame then what? Then I'm just really obsessed and with someone then that means I'll just get over him and that means there's someone better out there for me. But then if he's not my twin flame why am I so drawn to twin flame stories? Why do twin flame paradigms and everything twin flames resonate? Why do I have this knowing that I am on this ascension path and the twin flame journey is my path? Why do I know that I'm a light worker and a twin flame? Like how do I know that? Is he a false twin flame? Maybe that's it, right?

Why am I drawn to learning everything I can about it? All these questions are so important and so good because then I can ask them, I can dive deep and I always come back to the truth that no, this is my twin flame. Then if this is my twin flame, if I can sit in that 100% knowing, I'm in alignment, I'm connected to divine source and love and truth, then I can trust that everything is as it's meant to be and I will be with this person and I don't need to worry about anything.

So then what is everything else that is not that? What is, where does the doubt come in? Well these, these my friends are the fears. These are our shadows. These are what need to be clear in order to get back into alignment, in order to connect with divine love because that is ultimately our truth. You know that I'm sure, right? That is our truth. We are divine love at our essence.

The whole world is, and we're all coming into the goal of the human existence is to eventually come into unity consciousness. And what a perfect place to start is with a twin flame when you're not with them in separation. So if you can be in this alignment and this blind faith of knowing and truth and trusting and turning it over to source and divine love and divine timing, then that's the goal.

And in that place, there is no lack, there is no separation, there is no want, there is no need, there is no questioning, there's just knowing and truth. But getting there is not always easy because of our fears and our shadows. Anything that is not that divine knowing and truth and alignment is our work. That's where the healing needs to take place.

And when I was able to look at my journey from that perspective, it helped me so much. It helped me so much because I knew that there was a place I could get to that was independent of his actions and that is unconditional love, right? That I can get to a place of alignment that is not dependent on him, needing him to validate it. I don't need anyone else to validate my story or my truth. I don't need signs.

And what happens when I get to this place? I'm in it a lot. I'm not in it a hundred percent, but I'm close. And that's what the work I'm doing now right to notice when those doubts come up when my ego needs validation. Needs signs, but when I can get to that aligned place, the signs show up, everything I've wanted when I come from non-wanting I get right. So manifesting it's not about attainment. It's about asking, trusting, and letting go.

And then the joy of it arriving is the bliss, right? And if you're in that bliss, then when it arrives, it's just, it's, you expected it and you're just aligned with it and it just flows in naturally and there are no shifts. And for me, you know, the charge with him, the energy around him is so strong. That fire, that flame is high, high, high, right?

So if I'm not vibrating at this high level and he comes into my life, I have to be able to hold that. I have to be able to have a container that can hold this flame but that can also dance with this flame and that isn't going to blow the flame out, smother the flame and put it out or have jump to another fire, right? And so the visual of the flames dancing, which I learned from my teachers Shakina and Sananda, is the best image I can bring forth, right?

We are these intense flames as individuals and when we're not feeling that fire it's because we're not in our truth and we have healing to do and that's okay. That's the beauty of this journey is that we are here to clear these old patterns so that the earth can move forward, so that the earth can ascend and if you are a twin flame you are an advanced soul and you can handle this work, you can handle whatever comes to you and there are moments where I thought you know really I took this on this can't really be but then if I tap into my higher self I know I can and I bet the same for you because that's who we are.

So it's about tuning into your knowing. Then let's go further. When you can stand in your truth that you know this is your twin flame, then you can stand in your truth in life and whatever isn't true is going to come forward. And that means owning your truth, not saying yes when you mean no. That means owning your truth with everything.

And it starts affecting food choices, people you hang out with, conversations you have, shows you watch on TV. Are those aligned with your truth? What is your divine truth? Are you on that resonance or have you gotten off of it? And sometimes this work is subtle and sometimes it's obvious but this is the work getting back and back and back to your truth, back to your alignment, back to your bliss, back to your joy, clearing those shadows.

And then in that place everything is fine, you know and you can trust in divine timing. That is the path, that is the work. And when you are in that place according to my beautiful powerful teachers, Twin Ray, that is when you align with your partner. So I encourage you to start with knowing what your truth is. Question your truth around this journey. Question everything so that you can come back home to you.

Because as that saying goes, the truth will set you free. And freedom and expansion and divine love is the purpose of this journey. Coming back to unconditional love. Breaking those family and society paradigms of what love looks like. Love out in our world looks like codependency, looks like attachment, looks like need, looks like drama, looks like addiction. I get it.

I come from a family with all of those, all of those. I get it. That's how I was raised. My early relationships reflected that and I can no longer act in that way or operate from that way and I have to reteach myself, unlearn I should say, unlearn everything that isn't true to me and when I line up and when you line up in that place of your knowing and your truth and you stand tall and that flame is ignited the world is yours you are one with the universe and there is absolutely nothing to worry about.

So I hope this helped and resonated. Please subscribe and I send you so much love from the truth of my heart to the truth of your heart and may we go on this journey together and clear these old framings around love so that we can all unite back in unconditional love, bliss, knowing, and acceptance. Lots of love.
